Hahahaha
Great, he also promised to call
All the Ubo warriors lurking in Ryugu
Help you take back
Also here
Really?
But he is also an ordinary stake in this group
OK
I give it to him
Me and Wei Zhong
Are you going in there every time? Okay.
Today, Mr. Cheng actually fell down in person
It means that his positioning is higher than that of non-city lords
And he took it today
The blogger is no longer opening in person.
The Wang family signs a purchase contract
It means that he has personally met the blogger
Is he really Mr. Wang?
Sorry Mr. Qi
It may make Miss Ye doubt your identity
It's okay, I don't want to lie at the door anymore
Is it official?
Yes
I sent someone to follow me to a Ugo martial arts hall in winter
The owner is a modern expert
There are many secret exits for Japanese samurai in the martial arts hall recently
The Japanese martial arts hall is the best place to hide experts
That museum owner may be the superior of the Chiang Games
As soon as I gather all the cases in Haicheng
Can be adjusted at any time
OK
So we're going to take the rats that come in here.
catch it all